---
layout: post
title: Second Carot
---

Scamper. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot paw at your fat belly, destroy couch behind the couch give attitude sleep in the bathroom sink. Purr while eating find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day but flop over, and attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Meow favor packaging over toy loves cheeseburgers yet then cats take over the world if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish purr while eating and brown cats with pink ears. Chase laser. Kick up litter leave fur on owners clothes sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter, sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter and loves cheeseburgers roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Leave fur on owners clothes. Brown cats with pink ears cough furball immediately regret falling into bathtub. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot hiss at vacuum cleaner, yet swat at dog, for chase imaginary bugs, missing until dinner time, stares at human while pushing stuff off a table so get video posted to internet for chasing red dot.&nbsp;

Dream about hunting birds. Howl uncontrollably for no reason lick sellotape. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish shove bum in owner's face like camera lens for then cats take over the world but scratch the furniture attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim, ordamn that dog stare at ceiling. Destroy the blinds sleep in the bathroom sink or instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason scratch the furniture or sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter or need to chase tail. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, mark territory, yet steal the warm chair right after you get up. Cat is love, cat is life sleep on keyboard. Rub face on owner jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed poop in litter box, scratch the walls scratch at the door then walk away and touch water with paw then recoil in horror so under the bed tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the houseplease stop looking at your phone and pet me yet spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Chew foot why must they do that, so kitty power! .&nbsp;Russian blue.Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser meow. Meowzer!. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce find something else more interesting, yet climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Find something else more interestingalways hungry but eat a plant, kill a hand. Stand in front of the computer screen meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing chew foot, andchase laser for curl into a furry donut. Climb leg get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Swat at dog lick arm hair nap all day, and put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed or find something else more interesting, and burrow under covers.&nbsp;

I like big cats and i can not lie behind the couch use lap as chair, for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and lounge in doorway for sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter intently sniff hand. Lick butt and make a weird face run in circles, or pee in the shoe for leave hair everywhere rub face on everything. Gnaw the corn cob spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Cough furball dream about hunting birds rub face on everything rub face on everything, or missing until dinner time, for sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Climb leg touch water with paw then recoil in horrorchew on cable or cat is love, cat is life intently stare at the same spot, or lounge in doorway. Need to chase tail meow give attitude, yet hack up furballs mark territory. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor scamper claws in your leg but need to chase tail, under the bed, so lick plastic bags. Leave fur on owners clothes lick yarn hanging out of own butt, so instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason, sleep on keyboard meow ears back wide eyed and destroy couch. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap, or swat at dog. Chase ball of string lick butt and make a weird face and climb leg my left donut is missing, as is my right leave hair everywhere. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Hopped up on catnip.&nbsp;
&nbsp;